Report to the Dragon King's subordinates to find out that there is a bomb at the scene
Sure enough
This second roll of the everlasting dirt road attracted mice
Sedum will be solved together
What about the bomb?
I'll figure it out.
Just wait for the opportunity
Dominate, don't worry.
I'm here today.
The final ownership of that inspiration must be you
Thank you Yu Shao
I hope I can use this as an inspiration.
Lord War God's forgiveness
Yo, as expected of us, Yu Shao is really rich
Chief, what are you doing here?
It's not crazy, you have the nerve to ask
appearance
If it weren't for taking a picture of Gu Wu Danfang and wiping it for you
Is he going to come to this shitty place?
What Gu Wu Danfang?
Yu Shao said that at this auction
There will be one for Xi
The inspiration of martial men who pursue natural things Dan Fang
I'm going to send it down to Lord War God
Change to another forgiveness.
Inspiring Dan Fang is all deceiving garbage
It didn't work.
There's danger.
Go home quickly
I know you are doing it for my own good
But trouble always has to be fixed
Do you have a better idea?
It's not crazy, why is there mud everywhere?
Do you know what Guwu Danfang is?
Just say that Gu Wu Danfang is garbage
Mu Ming, go back first
I must get Guwu Danfang today